# FTL HCloud Config

Terranix & NixOS configurations for the Fix This Later resources in the Hetzner Cloud.

This is a good working example of a Terranix flake that manages a set of HCloud resources, including a server, hosted zone, and DNS records (plus reverse DNS), and does it all with the state file saved in an HCloud storage bucket. Prereqs include: an HCloud account; an API key; a storage bucket; bucket credentials; and an SSH key which the server will be set up to grant root access to. You also need to have registered the web domain that the hosted zone is for, using whichever registrar (Porkbun is best), and then you'll need to go into that registrar's system and change the nameservers to the ones that HCloud assigns to the hosted zone, after creation.

The actual contents of the server are managed in another repo ([ftl_server_config](https://github.com/FixThisLater/ftl_server_config)). This stack creates a server from a random image (debian, Ubuntu, whatever) because the other repo uses [nixos-anywhere](https://github.com/nix-community/nixos-anywhere) to reimage the server to NixOS and update the config whenever. That includes replacing the root-access SSH key on the server - the one set up & referenced here is only ever used for that initial nixos-anywhere install & overwrite of the starter image. The NixOS setup is the one that must provide the web-hosting, cert management, etc., in order for a website to actually get served at the domain in question (fixthislater.com).

The HCloud API token is provided to Terraform via the "TF_VAR_hcloud_api_token" envvar; the "TF_VAR_" prefix makes the value available as the "hcloud_api_token" variable in the Terraform config. The S3-compatible HCloud storage bucket is successfully used as a backend because of the standard set of AWS access key envvars, also predefined on the executing system. The `prefixText` in the flake defines all these envvars, but it does so on the assumption that their values are all in files under "/run/secrets", which really assumes that you're using "sops-nix" and have them defined as system-level secrets. Any method to populate those evvars will do, though, either within the `prefixText` or just outside this flake, and prior to running it.

This flake makes use of the Terranix, flake-parts module, which, as documented [here](https://terranix.org/terranix-and-flake-modules.html), provides nice & neat runnable attributes for Terraform's "init", "apply", "plan", and "destroy" commands. E.g., to apply any changes, you'd run `nix run .#fixthislater.apply`.